What are you talking to me about?
Hello, Mu Qianxue, I can see it clearly
No tears without seeing the coffin
What the hell are you doing? What am I doing? Let me go
Don't bully others
Your wife let me kill you
Hit someone, right?
Lin Chao Lin Chao
Go to hell you Lin Chao
Lin Chao
LinCang LinCang
If Chen Tianhu Forest Warehouse is three long and two short
I currently choose to die with you
Hey, Mr. Mu, don't be bloody
This stinky fool ran into it himself
What's it to me?
Oh, I know.
walking forest warehouse
Lin Cang, don't scare me
I'm going to the medicine cabinet
LinCang
You go away you live
You'll be fine. Wake up
Lin Cang, you are awake
It turned out to be at least three years.
Now I'm back from school